Add a cheatsheet focused on boolean expressions and gotchas. (#2160)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/cheatsheet/boolean.rst

:eql:op:`AND` and :eql:op:`OR` vs :eql:func:`all` and :eql:func:`any`.
The operators :eql:op:`AND` and :eql:op:`OR` require both operands
to produce a result, which means that an ``{}`` as one of the
inputs necessarily produces an ``{}`` as the output:

.. code-block:: edgeql-repl

    db> SELECT false AND <bool>{};
    {}
    db> SELECT true OR <bool>{};
    {}

The functions :eql:func:`all` and :eql:func:`any`, however, produce a
result for all possible input sets, regardless of the number of
elements:

.. code-block:: edgeql-repl

    db> SELECT all({false, {}});
    {false}
    db> SELECT any({true, {}});
    {true}

Note that expressions like ``{false, {}}`` are equivalent to
``{false}`` and so the above are just generalizations of boolean
operators :eql:op:`AND` and :eql:op:`OR` to a set of 1 element. So the
result for 1 element is fairly intuitive. However, the results
produced by these functions for ``{}`` may be surprising (even though
they are mathematically consistent):

.. code-block:: edgeql-repl

    db> SELECT all(<bool>{});
    {true}
    db> SELECT any(<bool>{});
    {false}

There's no direct analogue to the boolean operator "short-circuiting"

> that's implemented in many other languages because in EdgeQL all parts
> of the expression get evaluated. However, there are expressions that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that's implemented in many other languages because in EdgeQL the 
order of evaluation of subexpressions is generally not defined. 
However, there are expressions that
```

Author: Fixed
